Added longitude argument and broadcasting capabilites to carrington_rotation_time() (#4879)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4879.feature.rst

> Added longitude argument and broadcasting capabilites to carrington_rotation_time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``longitude`` keyword argument to :func:`~sunpy.sun.carrington_rotation_time` as an alternate way to specify a fractional Carrington rotation.
```

> Added a ``longitude`` keyword argument to :func:`~sunpy.sun.carrington_rotation_time` as an alternate way to specify a fractional Carrington rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a ``longitude`` keyword argument to :func:`~sunpy.coordinates.sun.carrington_rotation_time` as an alternate way to specify a fractional Carrington rotation.
```
